Reword spread rules in `Ranking criteria/osu!mania` (#9078)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/osu!mania/en.md

- **If multiple key modes are present in a single beatmap, the key mode must be denoted in all difficulty names. Otherwise, the key mode must not be denoted.**
- **Beatmaps using the special N+1 style of mapping must be denoted as such under the `Advanced` tab of song setup in the editor and "N+1" must be added to the tags. For beatmaps containing multiple key modes, difficulties using this style must be denoted using N+1 notation (e.g. using 7K+1 instead of 8K on difficulty names).**
- **If the [drain time](/wiki/Beatmap/Drain_time) of each difficulty is...**

>   - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Normal, OR each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 4 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).

Reviewer: Any reason why the bolded or got changed to regular or? I think bolded is better in this case.

>   - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Normal, OR each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 4 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
>   - **...between 2:30 and 3:15**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Hard, OR each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 3 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
>   - **...between 3:15 and 4:00**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than an Insane, OR each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 2 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Normal, **OR **each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 4 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
  - **...between 2:30 and 3:15**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Hard, **OR** each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 3 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
  - **...between 3:15 and 4:00**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than an Insane, **OR** each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 2 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
```
keeping the bold here is nice for clarity and helps to separate them as two options for drain time

>   - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Normal, OR each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 4 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
>   - **...between 2:30 and 3:15**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Hard, OR each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 3 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
>   - **...between 3:15 and 4:00**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than an Insane, OR each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 2 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).

Reviewer 2: what exactly is a "proper spread"? if we are using vague terms like this, they should be properly defined, however a footnote for this seems unnecessary, so is there a better phrasing of what you mean? perhaps could do:

```suggestion
  - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Normal, OR each keymode must provide a spread containing at least 4 difficulties (including the highest difficulty) without skipping any difficulty levels.
  - **...between 2:30 and 3:15**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Hard, OR each keymode must provide a spread containing at least 3 difficulties (including the highest difficulty) without skipping any difficulty levels.
  - **...between 3:15 and 4:00**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than an Insane, OR each keymode must provide a spread containing at least 2 difficulties (including the highest difficulty) without skipping any difficulty levels.
```

Reviewer: The point of the clarification is exactly to avoid difficulty levels (given a level or a name are different terms in mania). A spread is defined equally between all modes but mania adds the specific distinction `On difficulties Insane and harder, a proper spread is defined by relative difficulty gaps similar to those formally defined between lower difficulties`

I think linking that into the `spread` word would be a nice addition though.

Reviewer: Although now that I see it closely, its literally the next sentence so probably not needed.

Reviewer 3: The point of this PR was to get rid of the term "difficulty level" since that implies it must fall within ENHIX conventions. Currently, mania is allowed to have X only spreads under this rule, and by reintroducing "difficulty level" into the language, we come back to the confusion that technically, an X diff would need at minimum, an I diff to be rankable when that's not been the common interpretation within mania.

>   - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Normal, **OR** each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 4 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
>   - **...between 2:30 and 3:15**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than a Hard, **OR** each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 3 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
>   - **...between 3:15 and 4:00**, the lowest difficulty of each included keymode cannot be harder than an Insane, **OR** each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 2 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).

Reviewer 4: there should definitely be a footnote on "proper spread"

```suggestion
  - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than a Normal, **OR** each key mode must provide a proper spread containing at least 4 difficulties.
  - **...between 2:30 and 3:15**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than a Hard, **OR** each key mode must provide a proper spread containing at least 3 difficulties.
  - **...between 3:15 and 4:00**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than an Insane, **OR** each key mode must provide a proper spread containing at least 2 difficulties.
```

Author: Fixed "keymode" but kept "(including the highest difficulty)" since this is the whole purpose of this PR, to allow the use of X spreads and not confuse anyone from other game modes about this.

>   - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than a Normal, **OR** each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 4 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
>   - **...between 2:30 and 3:15**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than a Hard, **OR** each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 3 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).
>   - **...between 3:15 and 4:00**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than an Insane, **OR** each keymode must provide a proper spread containing at least 2 difficulties (including the highest difficulty).

Reviewer 4: this can be explained more concisely, as [explained on discord](https://discord.com/channels/188630481301012481/218677502141399041/1097310783576211516)

```suggestion
  - **...lower than 2:30**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than a Normal, **OR** each key mode must provide a proper spread containing at least 4 difficulties in total.
  - **...between 2:30 and 3:15**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than a Hard, **OR** each key mode must provide a proper spread containing at least 3 difficulties in total.
  - **...between 3:15 and 4:00**, the lowest difficulty of each included key mode cannot be harder than an Insane, **OR** each key mode must provide a proper spread containing at least 2 difficulties in total.
```

Author: This has been committed as per discussion on discord.

> - On difficulties Insane and harder, a proper spread is defined by relative difficulty gaps similar to those formally defined between lower difficulties.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- A "proper" spread is defined as a spread with gaps in difficulty similar to those between lower [difficulty levels](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty#difficulty-levels) as specified in the [difficulty-specific criteria](#difficulty-specific).
```

Author: I think this goes against the reason why we are making this PR in the first place as I mentioned in the first one. It's mostly to clear a confusion between other game modes since mania behaves differently, changing this will be going back to square one not allowing something that is allowed in mania.

Reviewer 4: i'm not sure i follow. this suggestion intends to reword this line so it becomes easier to understand, without changing the meaning, and it has nothing to do with other game modes.

Reviewer 4: edited as per [conversation on discord](https://discord.com/channels/188630481301012481/218677502141399041/1097298652017467535)

```suggestion
A "proper" spread *for difficulties Insane and harder* is defined as a spread with gaps in difficulty similar to those between lower [difficulty levels](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty#difficulty-levels) as specified in the [difficulty-specific criteria](#difficulty-specific).
```
